README.md, before:

# Stable Diffusion Image Generation

Welcome to the **Stable Diffusion Image Generation** repository! This project utilizes the powerful [Stable Diffusion](https://github.com/CompVis/stable-diffusion) model by Stability AI to generate high-quality images from textual prompts.

## 🚀 Features

- Generate stunning images from descriptive text prompts.
- Leverage the power of Stable Diffusion v2.1.
- GPU-accelerated inference for faster image generation.
- Easily customizable and extendable code.

## 🛠 Prerequisites

- Python 3.10+
- A Hugging Face account ([Sign up here](https://huggingface.co/join)).
- A GPU for optimal performance (optional but recommended).

## 📦 Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/stable-diffusion-image-generation.git
   cd stable-diffusion-image-generation
   ```

2. Install the required Python libraries:
   ```bash
   pip install diffusers transformers torch torchvision huggingface_hub
   ```

3. Log in to Hugging Face to access the model:
   ```python
   from huggingface_hub import login
   login(token="your_huggingface_token")
   ```

## 📄 Usage

1. Open the `stable_diffusion_pipeline.py` file and modify the `prompt` variable with your desired text prompt:
   ```python
   prompt = "A futuristic cityscape at sunset, vibrant colors, high detail"
   ```

2. Run the script:
   ```bash
   python stable_diffusion_pipeline.py
   ```

3. View the generated image or find it saved as `generated_image.png` in the project directory.

## 🎨 Example Output

### Input Prompt:
> "A futuristic cityscape at sunset, vibrant colors, high detail"

### Generated Image:


## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions! Feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

## 📜 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🙌 Acknowledgements

- [Stability AI](https://stability.ai/) for the Stable Diffusion model.
- [Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/) for hosting pre-trained models and APIs.

---

Happy generating! 🎉

Commit message:

Update license section in README.md
Added copyright and license details to the README.

README.md, after:

# Stable Diffusion Image Generation

Welcome to the **Stable Diffusion Image Generation** repository! This project utilizes the powerful [Stable Diffusion](https://github.com/CompVis/stable-diffusion) model by Stability AI to generate high-quality images from textual prompts.

## 🚀 Features

- Generate stunning images from descriptive text prompts.
- Leverage the power of Stable Diffusion v2.1.
- GPU-accelerated inference for faster image generation.
- Easily customizable and extendable code.

## 🛠 Prerequisites

- Python 3.10+
- A Hugging Face account ([Sign up here](https://huggingface.co/join)).
- A GPU for optimal performance (optional but recommended).

## 📦 Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/stable-diffusion-image-generation.git
   cd stable-diffusion-image-generation
   ```

2. Install the required Python libraries:
   ```bash
   pip install diffusers transformers torch torchvision huggingface_hub
   ```

3. Log in to Hugging Face to access the model:
   ```python
   from huggingface_hub import login
   login(token="your_huggingface_token")
   ```

## 📄 Usage

1. Open the `stable_diffusion_pipeline.py` file and modify the `prompt` variable with your desired text prompt:
   ```python
   prompt = "A futuristic cityscape at sunset, vibrant colors, high detail"
   ```

2. Run the script:
   ```bash
   python stable_diffusion_pipeline.py
   ```

3. View the generated image or find it saved as `generated_image.png` in the project directory.

## 🎨 Example Output

### Input Prompt:
> "A futuristic cityscape at sunset, vibrant colors, high detail"

### Generated Image:


## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions! Feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

## 📜 License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2026 Your Name

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

## 🙌 Acknowledgements

- [Stability AI](https://stability.ai/) for the Stable Diffusion model.
- [Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/) for hosting pre-trained models and APIs.

---

Happy generating! 🎉
